core: start admission controller without any script (#9934)
rook/rook: Documentation/pre-reqs.md

If the `FSTYPE` field is not empty, there is a filesystem on top of the corresponding device. In this example, you can use `vdb` for Ceph and can't use `vda` or its partitions.

## Admission Controller

> Enabling the Rook admission controller is recommendedto provide an additional level of validation that Rook is configured correctly with the custom resource (CR) settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the Rook admission controller is recommended to provide an additional level of validation that Rook is configured correctly with the custom resource (CR) settings.
```

> An admission controller intercepts requests to the Kubernetes API server prior to persistence of the object, but after the request is authenticated and authorized.

Reviewer: nit: This sentence could be part of the previous paragraph.

> To deploy the Rook admission controllers, ensure the cert manager is enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the Rook admission controllers, install the cert manager before Rook is installed:
```

If the `FSTYPE` field is not empty, there is a filesystem on top of the corresponding device. In this example, you can use `vdb` for Ceph and can't use `vda` or its partitions.

## Admission Controller

> An admission controller intercepts requests to the Kubernetes API server prior to persistence of the object, but after the request is authenticated and authorized.

Author: agree.

Enabling the Rook admission controller is recommended(but optional) to provide an additional level of validation that Rook is configured correctly with the custom resource (CR) settings.

> ### Quick Start

Author: removed
